[Music]
right before as a dog the size of a fish
eighty-six karats through some of it I
don't she is flawless
we're under flood you know this ships
couple key MARY POPPINS wonder you want
all that done I'm a boxing promoter I've
got a bare-knuckle fight I want to use
the pike is thank you restless country
what you're gonna have to repeat that
Thank You restless and what was it done
burning in class protection that you can
watch the jump the case of Canada
stopped the only man in need a
combination if you just show getting
hyper funny do something terrible
there is the Sun heavy shut up and
surround you big bulb so what should I
pray you can call me Susan so much but I
don't care who's Muhammad's I'm ours
Bruce Lee goes down in the fourth round
[Applause]
[Music]
anything to declare
yeah don't go to anyone start offering
purchase under stronger questions with a
matching jacket book if you understand
this universe